# 1.1. Problem Description

The current Vietnamese seven-a-side football environment is having many limitations. Currently, to find a football opponent, teams have to go to forums, fanpages, and groups on Facebook to post. After that, other teams (through their representatives) will leave comments containing contact information. From there, the two sides can contact each other, exchange more information and only then, arrange a match. This process is quite manual and haves too many steps, while, with today's developed technology, we can find a solution to make it easier and more convenient for teams to find opponents.

Once you have an opponent, assuming there are no other issues on the side and both teams put on their shoes, there are still many other problems that can arise. It's not difficult to find articles and videos about the teams clashing during the match. Things can get pushed to a climax and lead to violence and bodily harm. My application wishes to build a community where all members, in the spirit of fair play, play football with a hot heart and a cold head, compete enthusiastically but civilly and politely.

Last problem. Everyone wants to find an opponent that matches their level. If the skills of two sides is too far apart, the match will take place in a one-way manner. As a result, the winning side is not happy because the it is too easy, and the losing side is also discouraged and loses confidence in their abilities. Therefore, I want to be able to bring the teams that are close to each other in terms of technical expertise and together, they can all enjoy intense and exciting matches.

In conclusion, there are three main problems:
1. convenient and easy finding; 
2. find yourself and be polite; 
3. find matching match level. It is necessary to design a suitable and effective solution to solve these two problems