# 1.1. Problem Description

The football environment in Vietnam is an environment with many limitations. Currently, to find a football opponent, teams have to go to forums, fanpages, and groups on Facebook to post. After that, other teams (through their representatives) will leave comments containing contact information. From there, the two sides can contact each other and exchange more information and organize a football match together. This process is quite manual and multi-stage, while, with today's developed technology, we can completely find a solution to make it easier and more convenient for teams to find opponents. soccer player.

Once you have an opponent, assuming there are no side issues and both teams put on their shoes, there are still many other problems that can arise. It's not difficult to find articles and videos about the teams clashing during the competition. Things can get pushed to a climax and lead to violence and bodily harm. My application wishes to build a community where all members, in the spirit of fair play, play football with a hot heart and a cold head, compete enthusiastically but civilly and politely.

Last problem. Everyone wants to find an opponent that matches their level. If the level of the two sides is too different, the match will take place in a one-way match. At that time, the winning side is not happy because the results are too easy, but the losing side is also discouraged and loses confidence in their abilities. Therefore, I want to be able to bring the teams that are close to each other in terms of technical expertise and have some intense and exciting matches for each other.

In conclusion, there are three main problems: (1) convenient and easy finding; (2) find yourself and be polite; (3) find matching match level. It is necessary to design a suitable and effective solution to solve these two problems