# 4.4.1. Libraries and tools

Table 3 presents tools and libraries used for development.
| Objective                                  | Tool/Library                  | Url                                  |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| Code editor                                | Android Studio                | https://developer.android.com/studio |
| Language                                   | Dart                          | https://dart.dev/                    |
| UI Development                             | Flutter                       | https://flutter.dev/                 |
| Storage, Authentication, Realtime database | Firebase                      | https://console.firebase.google.com/ |
| Testing application                        | Android Studio Virtual Device | https://developer.android.com/studio |

Figure 25, Figure 26 and Figure 27 show some interfaces in applications:

# 4.4.2. Achievements

The graduation project has successfully developed a web application named Futebol that enables football teams to search for suitable partners, communicate with other teams, and rate them. The application underwent testing using Android Studio Virtual Device - Pixel 5 with API 33.

Statistics of system information are shown below:
- Capacity of the entire source code: 11 MB
- Programming environment: Windows 11
- Debug device: Android Studio Virtual Device - Pixel 5 with API 33

# 4.4.3. Illustrations of main features

This section provides a detailed description of the primary features of the Futebol mobile application. U

pon launching the app for the first time, users are presented with onboarding screens, as illustrated in the figure, where they can enter team information and register with their email address. Existing users can log in via email, as shown in the figure.

Upon successful login, the user is directed to the home screen, where the system presents the most suitable teams based on an algorithm, as shown in the figure. Here, users can swipe left or right or press corresponding buttons to like or ignore the team.

If a user taps on the "chat" icon button, they will be directed to the match screen, as displayed in the figure, where they can select any team to chat with. In the chat screen, users can exchange information to arrange an exhibition match. After the match, users can add match results and rate the other team, allowing the system to update both side's strength score accordingly.